11/Sep/2025

1. ChatGPT doesn't merely translate its answer from English into another language. 
1.1. There are different corpora, and each corpus has its unique cultural context. 
1.2. For instance, when I query the same question in different languages, the answers are also different from each other.

2. Philosophical, existential therapy is very helpful for my mental health. 
2.1. The other options, such as humanistic counseling, were ineffective for my case.
2.2. Immigration isn't just about visas, language ability, and location. It's also about social integration and identity. Therefore, developing methods to keep a healthy mentality is also integral. 

3. I developed an existential therapy program using OpenAI API with ChatGPT.
3.1. It translates the original English question to other languages automatically, asks each corpus, and translates the answers back to English.
3.2. The questioner can receive different versions of answers. 
3.3. It's only $0.12 per question(using GPT version 5).
3.4. As I have tested this program so far, French answers were the best fit for me.

4. Possible follow-up actions.
4.1. In most cases, read and apply the greatest answer among them. 
4.2. However, that answer doesn't feel enough because it's an LLM-powered answer by a machine. So, in this case, there are four follow-up options:
4.2.1. Find an online therapist - they usually offer their one-hour therapy session on an online platform such as Betterhelp and Upwork. It doesn't need to be a face-to-face Zoom session. If I already have an insight, then around two sessions are usually enough. 
4.2.2. Find a German existential psychotherapist in Germany and online. Germany(and D-A-CH) is also famous for existential therapy(Viktor Frankl), so there are more options available if I prefer existential therapy over popular humanistic sessions. 
4.2.2.1. If they can offer an English session, then there's no further consideration except costs. 
4.2.2.2. If they can't offer an English session, then ask them if their service is also available via email. If so, then translate my email from English to German. 
4.2.2.3. If they can offer an online session, there are many options available - nothing to consider except costs.
4.2.3. Find a Korean therapist online. No language barrier is a big advantage, and it's also relatively affordable than EU therapists. However, the drawback is that they're usually saturated with Korean local culture.
4.2.4. Find a philosophy tutor in Preply. It's not a therapy session, but it's very affordable. If the only part that a human makes up for is additional resources and philosophical insights, then it's a great option.

5. Conclusion.
5.1. It was a very good idea to build such a therapy pipeline. It's very suitable for my personality and situation. 
5.2. The whole cost is unbelievably cheap, using this pipeline. 
5.3. After reading the LLM-powered answers, I can also find additional materials online.
5.4. It reduces expensive human therapy sessions, and it's even better for me, who needs information, than just needing a fellow human whom I can confide in.